hey guys i McLovin here
starvin made a video in a little bit my
laptop's messed up it's a crappy toshiba
I don't know what's wrong with it
I fixed it like three or four times I
bring it to Best Buy I don't know
I'll biking in a new one I haven't even
had it for a year well today I'm
bringing you the ruin I or mining guy so
let's start all over from the grand
exchange all the way over here now I
hope there's ruin or there my friend was
just checking to see if there was in a
certain spot Molly was someone killed
him
luckily was just his low-level account
alright so once you're here wanna chop
down the canoe not the canoe the tree
gonna shake the canoe into whatever
don't know why don't know the difference
of any of them I just created into a
waka snowman
okay I'm really quick I do this so I
know where to go so when I get there I
don't just go in random directions so I
mark it so I don't just start going down
there or anything come on load hate this
computer okay so once you go in it
you're gonna click right there I'm gonna
go up here I'm pass all these don't hit
I know hopefully there's not a peek air
or anyone waiting to kill me not really
quick guys you also want to bring some
sharks cuz you will have a chance of
dying I'm making this video to explain
where to go cuz I didn't know where to
go when I was a lower level so that's
why okay well just my luck there is no
or here so I'm gonna pause the video
guys and I'm gonna try to find a world
hey guys I'm back
well someone killed me and between those
times so I had to take like 10 minutes
to come back and do all this so whatever
but okay now there's something important
you can get killed which will reduce
your money making per hour obviously and
from sometimes mining takes really quick
like that time it took pretty quick and
I don't know how fast this will take
it's random and make sure you bring food
even though with the stupid evolution of
combat Rangers are so overpowered and
they'll just freeze you even if you do
food now I'm on that road I tore pretty
fast but it's not always like that
now I'm gonna pause the video one more
time and bring up this stupid thing
sting my keys are all screwed up on this
computer so won't let me just press f2
to do it so I'll be right back guys
alright guys I'm back okay now let's do
the price per hour of what you can make
per hour
okay well it kind of depends on how
quick you mind you are you're level and
if you get killed it on sometimes I bet
you can make better money killing the
people who are minding it but at all the
patterns now I'm pretty sure I didn't
actually get to mine for a full hour
each time my cup dying but the time it
took me to mine around a full inventory
I calculated it and you could probably
gain about 400 K or more per hour like I
said depends on your luck so yeah that's
my friend stinkin alright really quick
side oh okay I said I was gonna do it
get 45 dungeoneering for the resource
dungeon where 3 grew night or was and I
did it but it's always taking there's
tons of people there and it's pointless
I'd rather died the world of miss than
Hoff world's 20 billion times to find
one ruin away so yeah okay shout out to
cream pie I don't have many subscribers
but he was one of the first one who did
subscribe and I don't how many views or
anything so every subscriber counts also
shout out to a black leo 86
she's not on right now he'll count but
he was standing in the wilderness seeing
if there was any people at the road I
door and he died a couple of times so
yeah I showed up to him about that's
about it guys I think I'll make a little
another video in a little bit not a
little video in another
anyway All Right see you guys if you had
a nice Christmas tell me what you got in
the comments below now I have to pull up
this thing right here